I have inspected Tingyu's submission of the citibike assignment on whether customers are less likely to ride than subscribers.

a. The null hypothesis and the alernative hypothesis are the opposite of what they should actually be as the null hypothesis  should be a contradiction to the idea behind the test while the alternative hypothesis should be similar to the idea but her null hypothesis supports her idea while the alternative hypothesis opposes it. Also, I think the null and alternative hypothesis could have been formulated better as currently, they are said to compare the customers and subscribers on weekdays which would imply only Monday to Friday but, a better test would be to compare them throughout the week, including weekends(Saturday and Sunday) assuming that her idea of the test is what I think it is. 

b. She has done done the data mangling part well and dropped the unneccessary columns only keeping the 2 required ones which are usertype and date. Also, she has checked a sample output of the reducted dataset. Also, she has properly grouped her dataset for each day of the week which was essential for her testing.

c. The groups of customers and subscribers are unpaired and from the plots made by Tingyu, they do not seem to follow normal distribution and so, it would be appropriate to choose a non-parametric test for this hypothesis(They might follow a normal distribution though not visible clearly, but it's safer to work with the assumption that they don't). Since the number of observations per sample are <30, the test should be Mann-Whitney U test(Wilcoxian test).

d. An interesting variation of the question could be : Customers are less likely to ride citibikes to work than Subscribers. This could then be done using proportions of customers biking on weekdays compared to the proportion of subscribers biking on weekdays(or weekends too for that matter for both of them).
